---
title: Justification Matters
---

I've stumbled into a discussion a few times recently on social media that I'm having trouble sorting out, related to the recent spate of legislation related to abortion. The policies being implemented are certainly concerning and important to debate, but I think there's a more fundamental problem here related to a collision of principles that doesn't seem to get addressed. Personally, I'd rather start with universal underlying principles and work through them to reach a solution, rather than starting with the policies we want and then trying to justify them.

As much as I'd like to just dismiss the pro-lifers out of hand and fall back on a simple "it's just obvious common sense" argument, they're raising an objection to the killing of human beings, and that's too important a concern to dismiss so casually. There is in fact a living organism involved, with human DNA, and any exception we carve out to the principle of "don't kill people" had better be incredibly well-bounded to avoid becoming a justification for the sorts of atrocities that human history is entirely too full of.

Given the principle "killing people is wrong" as a starting point, we either need a clear argument for why the principle isn't being violated, or a stronger principle to overrule it. Starting with the first path, we could either attempt to dispute that the embryo/fetus/etc. is being killed, or that it is a person. Disputing that it is being killed is fighting biological fact and doesn't seem likely to win any arguments, so mostly debate focuses on whether it is a person. This seems to be the point where a clear and safe distinction can be drawn, but I think we still need to be extremely cautious here, because playing with the definition of personhood is another technique that's been used to justify horrible things before (consider the three-fifths compromise, for a start).

Denying the personhood of the fetus based purely on it being unborn is pretty clearly too extreme; a baby born a week early is pretty clearly a human being. Therefore, we fall back to trying to identify some event or transition during development as the moment when the fetus acquires personhood. The problem here is there's no one clear and obvious point we can all agree on; there are at least a few common standards, and choosing among them feels rather arbitrary, and the pro-life side can just say that point should be conception, and because they're tying back to the basic principle that killing people is wrong, that choice is in fact the safest and least likely to result in unintentional death. Picking an alternate point needs to have some sort of solid, principled reasoning behind it, and that's what I don't have and want to find.

One such reasoning I've seen a number of times is based on the principle of bodily autonomy, that it's immoral to compel a person to take action with their body, even to save a life; a common example is donating an organ or tissue to save someone from a terminal disease. The immediate weakness in this argument is granting bodily autonomy to the fetus as well, and now the principle has to be violated one way or the other. We can grant that the mother has some form of power of attorney over the unborn child, but that does not extend to grant the right to abuse or neglect, even through inaction, and an abortion is clearly both a chosen action and has a harmful outcome to the fetus. We're left back where we started, with needing to pick some gestational point where personhood, and thus the right to bodily autonomy, is granted.

Another approach that can be taken to define this point in a more principled manner than just picking one arbitrarily is to use the definition of viability outside the womb. This is the best alternative I can think of so far, but it's still flawed. It has less to do with principles than it does with medical technology; if we ever invent an artificial womb that can gestate a fertilized egg (and couples suffering from fertility issues could certainly be hoping for that day to come), we just end up at the same point as the pro-lifers in the end, so it's still safer to just go there immediately.

And thus, I'm left trying to want policies backed by justifications that feel weaker, with more (maybe not a lot, but more) risk of weakening bedrock principles of our civilization. There are some areas, however, where it seems like externalities or extenuating circumstances can follow the second overall path by activating principles that are strong enough to provide good justification. The most obvious is a situation where the mother's life is at risk; if death is a potential or even likely outcome regardless of the decision, you can say both choices are wrong, but the choice still has to be made. A pregnancy due to rape is murkier--out of the two situations, can we pick which one is more horrible when they're both beyond the line that civilization can tolerate? That's not a question I'm qualified to answer, and maybe the questions reach a point where the only solution is to put it to a vote.