---
title: Graduation and other boring things
---
Gah, it’s been a while. There’s been a ton of stuff happening, but I’ve been pretty much avoiding the net lately… not exactly sure why, I just get in that sort of mood sometimes. When I’ve been on the computer, I’ve been playing [Deus Ex](http://www.planetdeusex.com/ "PlanetDeusEx - a decent site for information and stuff"){:rel='external'}. If you haven’t tried this game, you really should—it’s an FPS with RPG elements (or an action-oriented RPG) that suits multiple styles of play—you can run in guns blazing or be a sneaky bastard with equal success, and there’s a TON of game play in here. You can do a few hours a day and be playing for practically weeks. It won Game of the Year honors from [PC Gamer](http://www.pcgamer.com/ "A great magazine on PC gaming"){:rel='external'} a while back and holds up pretty well today.

Ok, on to the latest adventures in my life (oh, boy!). First of all, we’ve done some “remodeling” of our house recently. First, we had someone come in to finish the kitchen that we started some work on when we moved into the house about 14 years ago, although we haven’t gotten everything moved back into place yet—the microwave is still sitting in the middle of a walkway in the dining room, which is awfully convenient. :-\ Hopefully it’ll get put back soon. Also, we had a different set of guys put up a deck in our back yard and put in a small patio area with some stone paver blocks next to it by the grill. They took longer than they should have and made a mess and the deck isn’t perfect, but it’s better than what was there before and gives us a place to put the deck table and chairs we bought a while ago.

Next major story—I finally had my graduation ceremony for high school! YAY!! Truth be told, the ceremony was boring as hell, and as is typical for our school, the administrators did a bunch of stupid things—the principal sent us to the wrong side of the building and we had to walk back to the other side and everything got delayed, but the actual ceremony was OK. My diploma says I have sequences in Science and Foreig<em>h</em> Language, but I’m not surprised my school fucked that up too. Oh well.

One thing that peeved me about HS graduation was how everyone was oohing and aahing about the valedictorian having a 100 in A.P. Calculus. I took actual COLLEGE calculus (1 & 2) as part of an accelerated math program run through [SUNY at Buffalo](http://www.buffalo.edu/ "State University of New York at Buffalo"){:rel='external'} called the [Gifted Math Program](http://wings.buffalo.edu/org/giftedmath/){:rel='external'} and wound up ranked #1 out of the top math students from across Western New York, but apparently that doesn’t matter to these people. I don’t really mind that much though, I guess, since I’d rather just get as far away from this dumb-ass school as possible.

Yesterday I went to see Minority Report with my dad. It was definitely a good movie, although I’m not sure I would call it a classic. Some parts were pretty squeamish and you could sort of predict what was going to happen near the end, but it was definitely worth the price of admission. Good stuff.

Today was spent almost entirely visiting two nearby Frank Lloyd Wright houses. For those of you who don’t know, Frank Lloyd Wright is a famous American architect who designed a number of famous houses and structures near the turn of the century. We started out by visiting [Graycliff](http://graycliff.bfn.org/){:rel='external'}, a summer home created for Darwin D. Martin on Lake Ontario. After lunch, we saw the [Darwin D. Martin House](http://www.darwinmartinhouse.org/){:rel='external'}, another home that was (obviously) designed for Darwin D. Martin. Both of these houses are excellent examples of Frank Lloyd Wright’s amazing architecture and are worth seeing if you’re ever in the area.

I’m pretty sure that’s everything I need to catch up on. Other than getting a new UPS for my computer, I can’t remember any major developments since my last entry. Tomorrow should produce something worth writing about, and hopefully I’ll be getting a laptop and/or digital camera fairly soon. If I remember anything else interesting about the last few days, I’ll throw on another post. For now, I’ll just hope that this entry fits in a `mediumtext` entry in MySQL. :-D

*[FPS]: First-Person Shooter
*[RPG]: Role-Playing Game
*[SUNY]: State University of New York
*[UPS]: Uninterruptible Power Supply